Nodejs cpp (#226)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: nodejs-cpp/parsing/_index.md

---
title: Parse PDF documents
linktitle: Parse PDF documents
type: docs
weight: 65
url: /nodejs-cpp/parsing/
description: Do you want to parse PDF documents? Discover various PDF data extraction methods with Aspose.PDF for Node.js via C++.
lastmod: "2023-11-05"
sitemap:
    changefreq: "monthly"
    priority: 0.7
---

**Parse PDF** documents is a term releated to extraction variuous kind of information from PDF file. This section covers how to:

> - [Extract Images from PDF](/pdf/nodejs-cpp/extract-images-from-the-pdf-file/). Image Extraction does the same for images as the operation above for text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Extract Images from PDF](/pdf/nodejs-cpp/extract-images-from-the-pdf-file/). Image Extraction allows extracting images and storing them as separate files.
```
